Apple Stock Is Suffering from AI Gloom. Why to Stick With It. -- Barrons.com
March 14, 2025
10:00 AM ETPublished March 14, 2025 10:00 AM Eastern TimeDow Jones Newswires
Apple is struggling to deliver artificial-intelligence features on its devices, leading to some criticism of the iPhone maker. But investors selling the stock could regret it, according to Wedbush's Daniel Ives.

Earlier this month, Apple delayed promised AI updates to Siri, its digital assistant, saying it expects to roll " them out in the coming year." The company had been expected to roll out the new and improved voice assistant in April or May alongside the release of the iOS 18.4 software update.

That has caused plenty of dismay on Wall Street and elsewhere. Analysts at Citi and Morgan Stanley lowered their expectations for iPhone sales this year, expecting either no or minimal growth from around 230 million in 2024.

For some, the AI issues are a sign of a greater malaise at Apple. John Gruber, a longtime and high-profile Apple blogger, labeled it a "fiasco" in a post on Wednesday and suggested that it had damaged the company's credibility when it comes to promising future features.

However, Wedbush's Ives sees Apple stock as discounted, after its 16% slide so far in 2025 through Thursday's close.

"While we get the disappointment from investors and this was not an ideal rollout for Apple Intelligence, we believe this selloff is way overdone," wrote Ives in a research note.

He kept an Outperform rating and $325 target price on the stock. Apple shares were up 0.7% at $211.20 in premarket trading on Friday.

Ives estimates that in a worst-case scenario the AI delays for Apple will push 10 million iPhone shipments to the next fiscal year, starting in October. He still expects Apple to sell roughly 225 million to 230 million iPhones in its current fiscal year, rising to between 245 million and 250 million in its fiscal year 2026.

One significant boost for Apple could be regulatory approval of its planned partnership with Alibaba Group Holding to launch AI features in China. Ives said that launch could come as early as June. Once Apple's ambitions are on track, Ives forecasts the company will generate $10 billion in revenue annually by 2027 from AI services.

In the absence of AI features, Apple could need to find other ways to encourage iPhone purchases in the near term. The company is planning significant changes to the interfaces of the iPhone, iPad, and Mac later this year, making their software platforms more consistent and simplifying how they are used, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the project.

Apple could also be set for a bigger innovation by shipping its first foldable smartphone next year, according to Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst for TF International Securities. According to Kuo, a foldable iPhone is currently set to arrive toward the end of 2026 and cost between $2,000 and $2,500

Write to Adam Clark at adam.clark@barrons.com

This content was created by Barron's, which is operated by Dow Jones & Co. Barron's is published independently from Dow Jones Newswires and The Wall Street Journal.